Updated meta descriptions flagged as 'too short' (#724)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/concepts/dirac-notation.md

---
title: Dirac notation

> description: Learn about using Dirac notation to represent quantum vectors and operations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about using Dirac notation to represent quantum states and to simulate quantum operations. 
```
